Add cron job for auto-updating IERS tables (#12882)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/releasing.rst

you can go to the core package repository settings, and under 'Branches' and 'Branch
protection rules' you can then add a rule which restricts who can push to the branch.

.. _release-procedure-update-iers:

> Updating the IERS parameter and leap second tables

Author: I'll have a think about how to mention this here while still decluttering the main release notes

> Updating the IERS parameter and leap second tables

Reviewer: Please ping me again when this is ready for another review. Thanks!

Open a pull request to merge this into ``main`` and mark it as requiring backporting to
the release branch.

.. _release-procedure-update-ci:

Update continuous integration configuration
-------------------------------------------

Update the continuous integration configuration in the release branch
to run on all commits rather than use cron jobs. For example, for GitHub actions,
you should edit the ``ci_cron*.yml`` files and replace the existing ``on`` section
with e.g.::

   on:
   push:
      branches:
      - v5.0.x
   pull_request:
      branches:
      - v5.0.x

(with the branch name replaced by the appropriate one), and remove any lines that
look like e.g.::

        if: (github.repository == 'astropy/astropy' && (github.event_name == 'schedule' ...

This is important because once you are on a release branch, it is necessary to make sure
we are much more careful about not introducing regressions and we cannot always wait for the
cron jobs to run to carry out the release.

> 

Reviewer 2: Why is this block deleted ? (It doesn't seem related to this PR)

Author: It is no longer needed but I forgot to remove it in the PR that updated the CI config (https://github.com/astropy/astropy/pull/12832) - just thought I'd remove it here since I was editing the release docs anyway.

the `Azure core package pipeline`_ which builds wheels on the ``v*`` branches is passing.
Also make sure that the ReadTheDocs build is passing for the release branch.

One of the continuous integration tasks that should be run periodically is the updates to the
IERS tables in ``astropy.utils.iers``, so check that the last run from this has been

> successfully run and that related pull requests have been merged (and back-ported if needed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
successfully run and that related pull requests have been merged (and backported if needed).
```
